---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stytch_consumer_sdk_config Resource - stytch"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the configuration of your JavaScript, React Native, iOS, or Android SDKs for a Consumer project
---

# stytch_consumer_sdk_config (Resource)

Manages the configuration of your JavaScript, React Native, iOS, or Android SDKs for a Consumer project

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage Consumer SDK configuration
resource "stytch_consumer_sdk_config" "consumer_sdk_config" {
  project_id = stytch_project.consumer_project.test_project_id
  config = {
    basic = {
      enabled          = true
      create_new_users = true
      domains          = []
      bundle_ids       = []
    }
    sessions = {
      max_session_duration_minutes = 60
    }
    magic_links = {
      login_or_create_enabled = true
      send_enabled            = true
      pkce_required           = true
    }
    cookies = {
      http_only = "DISABLED"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) The consumer project SDK configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the consumer project for which to set the SDK config. This can be either a live project ID or test project ID. You may only specify one SDK config per project.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A computed ID field used for Terraform resource management.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the order.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `basic` (Attributes) The basic configuration for the consumer project SDK. This includes enabling the SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--basic))

Optional:

- `biometrics` (Attributes) The Biometrics configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--biometrics))
- `cookies` (Attributes) The Cookies configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--cookies))
- `crypto_wallets` (Attributes) The Crypto Wallets configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--crypto_wallets))
- `dfppa` (Attributes) The Device Fingerprinting Protected Auth configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--dfppa))
- `magic_links` (Attributes) The magic links configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--magic_links))
- `oauth` (Attributes) The OAuth configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--oauth))
- `otps` (Attributes) The OTP configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--otps))
- `passwords` (Attributes) The Passwords configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--passwords))
- `sessions` (Attributes) The session configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--sessions))
- `totps` (Attributes) The TOTP configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--totps))
- `webauthn` (Attributes) The WebAuthn configuration for the consumer project SDK. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--webauthn))

<a id="nestedatt--config--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.basic`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the consumer project SDK is enabled. This allows the SDK to manage user and session data.

Optional:

- `bundle_ids` (Set of String) A list of bundle IDs authorized for use in the SDK.
- `create_new_users` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether new users can be created with the SDK.
- `domains` (Set of String) A list of domains authorized for use in the SDK.


<a id="nestedatt--config--biometrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.biometrics`

Optional:

- `create_biometrics_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether biometrics creation is enabled in the SDK.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether biometrics endpoints are enabled in the SDK.


<a id="nestedatt--config--cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.cookies`

Optional:

- `http_only` (String) Whether cookies should be set with the HttpOnly flag.


<a id="nestedatt--config--crypto_wallets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.crypto_wallets`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether Crypto Wallets endpoints are enabled in the SDK.
- `siwe_required` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether Sign In With Ethereum is required for Crypto Wallets.


<a id="nestedatt--config--dfppa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.dfppa`

Optional:

- `enabled` (String) A boolean indicating whether Device Fingerprinting Protected Auth is enabled in the SDK.
- `lookup_timeout_seconds` (Number) How long to wait for a DFPPA lookup to complete before timing out.
- `on_challenge` (String) The action to take when a DFPPA 'challenge' verdict is returned.


<a id="nestedatt--config--magic_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.magic_links`

Optional:

- `login_or_create_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether login or create with magic links is enabled in the SDK.
- `pkce_required` (Boolean) PKCERequired is a boolean indicating whether PKCE is required for magic links. PKCE increases security by introducing a one-time secret for each auth flow to ensure the user starts and completes each auth flow from the same application on the device. This prevents a malicious app from intercepting a redirect and authenticating with the users token. PKCE is enabled by default for mobile SDKs.
- `send_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the magic links send endpoint is enabled in the SDK.


<a id="nestedatt--config--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.oauth`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether OAuth endpoints are enabled in the SDK.
- `pkce_required` (Boolean) PKCERequired is a boolean indicating whether PKCE is required for OAuth. PKCE increases security by introducing a one-time secret for each auth flow to ensure the user starts and completes each auth flow from the same application on the device. This prevents a malicious app from intercepting a redirect and authenticating with the users token. PKCE is enabled by default for mobile SDKs.


<a id="nestedatt--config--otps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.otps`

Optional:

- `email_login_or_create_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the email OTP login or create endpoint is enabled in the SDK.
- `email_send_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the email OTP send endpoint is enabled in the SDK.
- `sms_autofill_metadata` (Attributes Set) A list of metadata that can be used for autofill of SMS OTPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--otps--sms_autofill_metadata))
- `sms_login_or_create_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the SMS OTP login or create endpoint is enabled in the SDK.
- `sms_send_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the SMS OTP send endpoint is enabled in the SDK.
- `whatsapp_login_or_create_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the WhatsApp OTP login or create endpoint is enabled in the SDK.
- `whatsapp_send_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether the WhatsApp OTP send endpoint is enabled in the SDK.

<a id="nestedatt--config--otps--sms_autofill_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.otps.sms_autofill_metadata`

Optional:

- `bundle_id` (String) The ID of the bundle to use for autofill. This should be the associated bundle ID.
- `metadata_type` (String) The type of metadata to use for autofill. This should be either 'domain' or 'hash'.
- `metadata_value` (String) The value of the metadata to use for autofill. This should be the associated domain name (for metadata type 'domain')or application hash (for metadata type 'hash').



<a id="nestedatt--config--passwords"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.passwords`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether password endpoints are enabled in the SDK.
- `pkce_required_for_password_resets` (Boolean) PKCERequiredForPasswordResets is a boolean indicating whether PKCE is required for password resets. PKCE increases security by introducing a one-time secret for each auth flow to ensure the user starts and completes each auth flow from the same application on the device. This prevents a malicious app from intercepting a redirect and authenticating with the users token. PKCE is enabled by default for mobile SDKs.


<a id="nestedatt--config--sessions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.sessions`

Optional:

- `max_session_duration_minutes` (Number) The maximum session duration that can be created in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--config--totps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.totps`

Optional:

- `create_totps` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether TOTP creation is enabled in the SDK.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether TOTP endpoints are enabled in the SDK.


<a id="nestedatt--config--webauthn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.webauthn`

Optional:

- `create_webauthns` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether WebAuthn creation is enabled in the SDK.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether WebAuthn endpoints are enabled in the SDK.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Consumer SDK configurations can be imported by specifying the relevant project ID
terraform import stytch_consumer_sdk_config.example project-live-00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
