---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stytch_email_template Resource - stytch"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for creating and managing email templates.
---

# stytch_email_template (Resource)

Resource for creating and managing email templates.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a new prebuilt email template
resource "stytch_email_template" "prebuilt_email_template" {
  live_project_id = stytch_project.consumer_project.live_project_id
  template_id     = "prebuilt_tf"
  name            = "prebuilt"
  prebuilt_customization = {
    button_border_radius = 3
    button_color         = "#105ee9"
    button_text_color    = "#ffffff"
    font_family          = "GEORGIA"
    text_alignment       = "CENTER"
  }
}

# Create a new custom HTML email template
resource "stytch_email_template" "custom_html_email_template" {
  live_project_id = stytch_project.consumer_project.live_project_id
  template_id     = "custom_html_tf"
  name            = "custom_html"
  sender_information = {
    from_local_part     = "noreply"
    from_domain         = "example.com"
    from_name           = "Stytch"
    reply_to_local_part = "support"
    reply_to_name       = "Support"
  }
  custom_html_customization = {
    template_type     = "LOGIN"
    html_content      = "<h1>Login now: {{magic_link_url}}</h1>"
    plaintext_content = "Login now: {{magic_link_url}}"
    subject           = "Login to ` + customDomain + `"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `live_project_id` (String) The unique identifier for the live project.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name of the template. This does not have to be unique.
- `template_id` (String) A unique identifier to use for the template – this is how you'll refer to the template when sending emails from your project or managing this template. It can never be changed after creation.

### Optional

- `custom_html_customization` (Attributes) Customization defined for completely custom HTML email templates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_html_customization))
- `prebuilt_customization` (Attributes) Customization related to prebuilt fields (such as button color) for prebuilt email templates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prebuilt_customization))
- `sender_information` (Attributes) SenderInformation is information about the email sender, such as the reply address or rendered name. This is an optional field for PrebuiltCustomization, but required for CustomHTMLCustomization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sender_information))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A computed ID field used for Terraform resource management.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the order.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_html_customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_html_customization`

Optional:

- `html_content` (String) The HTML content of the email body
- `plaintext_content` (String) The plaintext content of the email body
- `subject` (String) The subject line in the email template
- `template_type` (String) The type of email template this custom HTML customization is valid for. Each template type will require different parameters to be set in html_content and plaintext_content. LOGIN, SIGNUP, and INVITE require the magic_link_url parameter; ONE_TIME_PASSCODE and ONE_TIME_PASSCODE_SIGNUP require the otp_code parameter; RESET_PASSWORD and VERIFY_EMAIL_PASSWORD_RESET require the reset_password_url parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--prebuilt_customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prebuilt_customization`

Optional:

- `button_border_radius` (Number) The radius of the button border in the email body
- `button_color` (String) The color of the button in the email body
- `button_text_color` (String) The color of the text in the button in the email body
- `font_family` (String) The font type to be used in the email body
- `text_alignment` (String) The alignment of the text in the email body


<a id="nestedatt--sender_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sender_information`

Optional:

- `from_domain` (String) The postfix of the sender’s email address, everything after the @ symbol (eg: stytch.com)
- `from_local_part` (String) The prefix of the sender’s email address, everything before the @ symbol (eg: first.last)
- `from_name` (String) The sender of the email (eg: Login)
- `reply_to_local_part` (String) The prefix of the reply-to email address, everything before the @ symbol (eg: first.last)
- `reply_to_name` (String) The sender of the reply-to email address (eg: Support)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Email templates can be imported by specifying the projectID and templateID separated by a '.' character
terraform import stytch_b2b_sdk_config.example project-live-00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000.my-custom-template
```
