---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stytch_password_config Resource - stytch"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages password strength configuration for an environment within a Stytch project.
---

# stytch_password_config (Resource)

Manages password strength configuration for an environment within a Stytch project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a custom password configuration policy using LUDS validation
resource "stytch_password_config" "example" {
  project_slug                   = "my-project"
  environment_slug               = "production"
  check_breach_on_creation       = true
  check_breach_on_authentication = true
  validate_on_authentication     = true
  validation_policy              = "LUDS"
  luds_min_password_length       = 16
  luds_min_password_complexity   = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_slug` (String) The slug of the environment to which the password config belongs.
- `project_slug` (String) The slug of the project to which the password config belongs.
- `validation_policy` (String) The policy to use for password validation. Valid values: LUDS, ZXCVBN.

### Optional

- `check_breach_on_authentication` (Boolean) Whether to use the HaveIBeenPwned database to detect password breaches when a user authenticates.
- `check_breach_on_creation` (Boolean) Whether to use the HaveIBeenPwned database to detect password breaches when a user first creates their password.
- `luds_min_password_complexity` (Number) The minimum number of character types (Lowercase, Uppercase, Digits, Symbols) in a password when using a LUDS validation_policy. Must be between 1 and 4.
- `luds_min_password_length` (Number) The minimum number of characters in a password if using a LUDS validation_policy. Must be between 8 and 32.
- `validate_on_authentication` (Boolean) Whether to require a password reset on authentication if a user's current password no longer meets the environment's current policy requirements.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A computed ID field used for Terraform resource management (format: project_slug.environment_slug).
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A Stytch password config can be imported by specifying the project slug and environment slug
# Format: project_slug.environment_slug
terraform import stytch_password_config.example my-project.production
```
